Caption: projects as well trying to make oversaw
Caption: sustainable so I think yeah there's
Caption: definitely the massive backlash from
Caption: just expectations so it's repeats come
Caption: we have time for Wars limit or topic
Caption: [Laughter]
Caption: but we are our codes let me see just
Caption: used like the defaults oh no just like
Caption: anyway so how it's cooked
Caption: there's nothing actually
Caption: for my debts to turn around and so we
Caption: need to think the screen
Caption: release sorry I will agree with effect
Caption: delivery that is
Caption: [Laughter]
Caption: I'd actually disagree with that I'd say
Caption: that it would have been up to be
Caption: experienced designer to tell them that
Caption: nation apart those guns of the users you
Caption: know the people that actually use the
Caption: system which goes back to add it's
Caption: someone else's honing just somebody
Caption: else's
Caption: what happens if a release is zero cost
Caption: or approximate it's zero cost is that a
Caption: problem
Caption: what happens if the hard-coded values
Caption: are at what I would call like the root
Caption: or the entry point of the application so
Caption: set point so they're all they're all
Caption: hard-coded but they're all right there
Caption: as I ground speed 30.9 and release
Caption: so yeah you're right when I was right
Caption: right or just by a medium right they get
Caption: the boys we never said this was going to
Caption: be favored move on to round 2 so this is
Caption: where you get to poverty so if there's a
Caption: product you might either really love it
Caption: or you might really hate it so our teams
Caption: are gonna create an ad and the ad is
Caption: gonna be how convince if you were in a
Caption: new software team when your manager
Caption: comes to you and say we are gonna buy
Caption: product X because Y this is the ad this
Caption: is how you convince your people to go
Caption: this product divine
Caption: make sense we need to keep going it
Caption: would be a really long time actually 30
Caption: seconds it's a what roots of popular
Caption: jeans any products that you love or hate
Caption: in the audience
Caption: as sequel server why the is sequel
Caption: different for you only
Caption: everything else you already
Caption: [Laughter]
Caption: no time no prompt we have some prepared
Caption: eclipse
Caption: I use it I do use it for it actually has
Caption: a feature to identify reuse so you can
Caption: identify where you've got the same sort
Caption: of Road and you should put it into one
Caption: method you must be pretty practice with
Caption: like loop
Caption: is also to do if you do know what you're
Caption: doing still hired consultant to tell you
Caption: what you should do it will be different
Caption: than what you're actually doing and it
Caption: will cost a lot more as well but you
Caption: should hire a consultant maybe it
Caption: depends because a consultant
Caption: [Laughter]
Caption: Facebook the best way to look back
Caption: people in your life well waste a good
Caption: hour of that time but whatever ready to
Caption: be castigated watch it is so
Caption: [Laughter]
Caption: so last round my personal favorite
Caption: something we'll probably all be able to
Caption: relate to the worst to is he trained
Caption: questions we're gonna take a break but
Caption: that we start to revise at the stash ha
Caption: and they've stopped drinks so what we're
Caption: gonna do is instead of powering through
Caption: but we'll do three read the seven five
Caption: we're just don't break down so worst
Caption: interview questions who has what solvent
Caption: actually I lose my thing
Caption: we've gone for 52 minutes without basic
Caption: service what is your biggest weakness
Caption: you guys are they're famous
Caption: yeah I wouldn't just walk out yeah I do
Caption: the interviewing all right isn't that
Caption: like when you try and frame yourself in
Caption: a positive light like my biggest
Caption: weakness is October my manager I just
Caption: work hard that's what you killed the
Caption: second question that's why me
Caption: good I thought we were Jonah so we were
Caption: asking the other team I wanted to well
Caption: my first one is the lead lead develop is
Caption: really necessary
Caption: when you will need
Caption: that's okay serious response please
Caption: relate or a cannibal always change
Caption: fungible essays we need a healthy
Caption: ecosystem of people to develop someone
Caption: hopefully who's standing slightly on the
Caption: outside to challenge and often someone
Caption: maybe maybe a more human touch because
Caption: of
Caption: yes I think we need developers
Caption: question from the audience we have time
Caption: for two more worst interview questions
Caption: so clearly come to meet one worse this
Caption: is a perimeter but if they're bad
Caption: interview questions otherwise I'm good
Caption: oh god you know what this is do you
Caption: suspect or election between Dennis
Caption: [Laughter]
Caption: the more buff you are the more while it
Caption: depends on your definition of buff
Caption: obviously I mean what is your definition
Caption: of but my definition of buff is slightly
Caption: different to that it's more about yeah
Caption: being at the top of you again and I
Caption: think DevOps professional you're at the
Caption: top of your game whether you're on the
Caption: [Music]
Caption: description the last awkward interview
Caption: question whether that I actually don't
Caption: think make it more with the process but
Caption: we have look at the audience rounding
Caption: out twenty eighty know or would
Caption: interview questions
Caption: I see two consoles somebody voluntarily
Caption: caught up with up with evidence
Caption: I was just like Wes just any company
Caption: haven't you're not kind of I honestly
Caption: have ambition for that long I was
Caption: impressed
Caption: it was a story so you've hired a person
Caption: base of their storytelling ability thank
Caption: you so much for coming along to a
Caption: slightly silly interview DVD but we will
Caption: be back in February with our regular
Caption: broadcast of actual speakers on topics
Caption: but I would like to run the massive
Caption: thank you to everyone who's come not
Caption: only to this DVD but life but odd area
Caption: where events throughout the year we
Caption: exist for the community so absolutely
Caption: massive thank you to yourselves and also
Caption: to my quest to have been a sponsor from
Caption: the very start and make these DD enjoy
Caption: by documents so all you way out I
Caption: believe is lad yards in the podium level
Caption: or the exit and you say oh and
Caption: thanks man good
Caption: you